

FreeMind Readme


Readme
This is version 0.1.0 of Freemind, the editor for tree structured data.

STATUS
First of all, this is ALPHA Software! That means, it is not stable. There are many bugs for you to find, so if you find one, mail me so that I can kill him ;-)

LICENSE
This program is licensed under GPL. Most of its users won't be the normal GNU/Linux users, so I will explain that: I want this program to be of biggest possible use for mankind, so take it as a personal gift from me. Copy it as many times as you want, give it to all your friends, use it whenever you want! (I just hope that you will be as generous in future, too :-) . You may even get the sourcecode, change the program as you wish, and redistribute it. (It would be nice to tell me before redistributing). Take the exact terms from the attached license.

INSTALLATION
This program is written in Java, so you will need the Java Runtime Environment for your OS. It is available for: Linux, Windows, Macintosh, Solaris. Download it at java.sun.com/j2se. You need at least Java 2 Version 1.2 . Install the JRE, and copy a link to freemind.bat (on windows) or freemind.sh (on unix) to your desktop. You can also type "java -jar freemind.jar" on the shell.

FEEDBACK
If you like the program, have some ideas for new features, find any bugs, mail me at: joergmueller@bigfoot.com

HOME
The Homepage of this program is freemind.sourceforge.net. If you use KDE2, you may also want to look at mymap.

MISSING FEATURES
This is an early version, so there are many features missing: There is no undo/redo functionality (so be careful what you do ;-), there is no autosaving. All this will be fixed in future releases.

BUGS
The fontselection is buggy, but thats a bug of Java (the swing library), so the only thing I can do is wait...

TODO
Of course performance must be improved, and more modes must be implemented. Modes that will come are a serious filesystem browser, a XML/HTML editor, a client to a mindmapping-server (so that multiple users can edit the same mindmap), and everything you can imagine that deals with tree-structures. In future I want to create an applet so you can view mindmaps in your browser (combined with hyperlinking, this can lead us to a totally different web). In future a modular view architecture can be implemented, maybe with true graph presentation. If you can think of anything else one could do with freemind, tell me.

AUTHOR:
Joerg Mueller 

THANKS TO:
Richard Krutisch
Jost Schenk
Rainer Janssen





