FreeMindPDA V0.0

Author:		Vik Olliver  vik@diamondage.co.nz

Purpose:	To modify FreeMind files on a PDA

This package is very much under development. It uses the SuperWaba SDK (version
4.5a preferred at the moment, though the main build file is for 5.x) which can
be had for free from http://www.superwaba.com and is licenced (as is SuperWaba)
under the GPL.

The original FreeMind is a Java application that can be had from
http://freemind.sourceforge.net but because of the differences between a PDA and
a Desktop PC, the PDA version is a complete rewrite and at present only borrows
the file format and methodology from the original FreeMind. If someone can weld
the two together usefully, then by all means go for it.

Though aimed at Palm and PocketPC PDAs, the software will run happily under
Java, Linux and Windows 98 or higher - so you can test it out before committing
to a PDA. As of 2005, native Linux support and Symbian support are expected from
the SuperWaba project.

To develop, you'll need a 1.4 Java SDK and the Palm SDK from SuperWaba. I use
Eclipse as a development environment, and the build scripts are for Ant 1.6 or
better. Details for developing SuperWaba and sample apps are in the SuperWaba
SDK docs and samples directories. Developers on other platforms will need the
appropriate SuperWaba SDKs.

You should copy all the files from SuperWabaSDK/lib/xplat/ to your PDA, as this
application uses the extra libraries.

You can install it without building it, but read the SuperWaba documentation PDF
file first.

PocketPC Data files currently live either on the storage card or root directory.
Tony Manso kindly fixed the code so that it would save files on the Palm Treo
PDAs.

Note that even when I get it all working 100%, you will not be able to save maps
over 64K large to PDB's due to limitations of the Palm operating system. Someone
will need to write a conduit if they want to extract maps from a Palm. They're
just ASCII in a record.


Changelog

12-Jun-2005

Finally got around to implementing the changes Tony Manso made in May that allow
the application to save maps on the Treo. The earlier build fiel is now moved to
build_45a.xml


25-Jan-2005

Fixed save PDB to write a new record rather than set a
non-existent one for writing.


22-Jan-2005

New nodes now apppended to list rather than inserted.

Fixed bug in EditFmNode where an existing node was confused with a
new node - newNode=false was missing in initialisation.

18-Jan-2005

Release of V0.01

Edit node class modified to use a permanently available container
to cut down response time to an edit on Palm devices.

Enlarged arrow buttons.


30-Nov-2004

Added initial read/write for PDB catalogs.


29-Nov-2004

Check for uneditable or non-created nodes.

Corrected storage directory detection for PocketPCs.

Prevented operations on root node.

Check for minimum SuperWaba version of 4.5

Let empty map nodes have children.

Fixed access to tree on save so that the [map] is accessible when closed.

Icons can now be added and removed sanely.

Added mini-icon for PocketPC application (PocketPC users must reset to see).

Edit buttons bunched on left to avoid PocketPC keyboard.

Objects can now be moved around the tree.


26-Nov-2004

Added LGPL licence to tarball.

Separated parser from TreeFile module and made parser's tags static.

Prevented crash on loading on a machine without a filesystem.

Put up warning when trying to save on device without a filesystem.

Made OK buttons larger.

Added a few more icons.

Extended edit button toggles between extended and 1-line edit.

Cursor on end of single line edit by default.

Reserved Palm Creator ID FmPD for FreeMindPDA.

Corrected zero index colour on 48x48 icon.

Built links & exe in tarball (CABs won't build on Linux).


25-Nov-2004

Added a few new icons.

Icons now in separate class and have a find-by-name function.

Appropriate icons shown next to entries.

Resized icons to fit in ascent-only space.


22-Nov-2004

Prevent unset timer access in startup (results in null pointer errors).

Save current file on exit.

Stripped out extraneous debug code. It just got too slow on a Palm.

Popup during load process for user confidence.

Changed package name from FreeMindPDA to FreeMind to fit Palm screen.

Put the scaled icon creation code in its own class.

Renamed home/link icons and added more.


19-Nov-2004

Creating a child node now goes directly into editing that node.

Editing a node sets focus on edit field.

Added splash screen and compliance message.

Quitting a new node now does not leave an empty node dangling there.

Sibling nodes can now be created with "Insert".


18-Nov-2004

Put default items in a standard edit box because MultiEdit is just
too goddamn slow.

Added some colour application icons (PocketPC users will need to reset)

Added SVG file of butterfly should anyone wish to improve the logo.

A new blank map can now be created.

Filenames can be specified for saved files.


16-Nov-2004

Fixed creation of child nodes with TEXT attributes.

Added "Save" item to menu to save over the last opened file.

Added LINK icon.

Took out unsupported "split" method and replaced it with homegrown version.

Shortened MultiEdit box for faster typing response.

Popups to give user confidence when file is saved.

Fixed additional nodes inadvertently stored if Tree is expanded.


15-Nov-2004

Can select which file to load from current directory.

Added simple icon files for home and a tick.

Changed Tree and node code to accept multiple user icons.

Put "Home" icon next to [Map] entry (mostly to try out the above).


12-Nov-2004

Can now reload the original Test file using File Load menu item.


11-Nov-2004

Fixed extra quotes on output file.

Renamed insert button to "Child" and made it work.

Fix edit to only edit the currently selected attribute.


To Do:

Change directory for load & save.
Enable Catalog access for Palm devices.
Move buttons to top of screen to avoid PocketPC kbd.
"Bookmark" of shortcuts to prominent nodes
Add "callback" methods to do things when user icons are pressed.
Add a "Tick" icon handler to implement To Do list on PDA.
Add block operations.
Allow cut & paste editing in text fields.
Utility to convert Palm address DB to a .mm file (phone, address etc. icons)
Much, much more.

Vik :v)

